

I have successfully connected my software to a listening port and communicated with the user. 

Next thing to do now is to make server concurrent, meaning to provide a multi - threaded environment, where each accept of the socket is 
ran as a separate thread so that server can talk to many users at the same time. 





::: Writing remove function of lexicon :::

What do we want? 

we want to remove a word from the lexicon. 

what is the problem? 

it we decide to simply disconnect a particular path from ROOT, we will succeed in deleting the
word, but all the words starting with the same prefix will also be sacrificed. 

ONE IDEA:: 

Idea is to follow path of this word and where it ends, put isWord as false, but problem here
is that lexicon will have pseudo prefixes. if this particular word is only one with that
particular prefix, lexicon will assume that some other word exists that extends this prefix. 

So we need to cut the reference at some node and that place should be exactly the one, where 
no other words have same prefix. 

Via this analysis we get two cases of deleting the word::: 

1) word is not prefix of any other word : : 
in this case, word ends at leaf node and we need to find the highest node that translates 
to prefix only used by the word to be removed, which simply means to find the highest node 
that has only one reference, this may follow up to the root, this can happen, but it is ok. 
Algorithm I am thinking of utilizes backtracking and operates in O(26*|p|) = O(|p|).


2) word is a prefix of some other word : : 
This is much simpler case, to check this, all we need to do is to see, when word ends, if there 
are any non - null references on that node, if yes, then word itself is prefix of some other word, 
in that case, we can simply but isWord false, and nothing will break.


The algorithm of both cases can be combined into one via ::: 


1) finding the node at which word ends(if at some point, we cannot go forward, word is not in 
lexicon, so we return status NOT_FOUND)

2) check if that node has any references

3) if it does, simply put isWord false and finish. 

4) if it does not, go up the tree and disconnect this branch from the node, which has more than 
one reference. 



PSEUDO - CODE : : : 

if NODE IS null : 
finish with status NOT_FOUND 

Otherwise : 
if word array is not exhausted, call same function with next node
if it is : 

if countnotnull(ref_array) > 0  : put isWord false and finish with status DELETED 

else : remove reference from first multi - referenced node and finish with status DELETED 

deleteWord functionality was implemented. 




Lexicon requires testing, we need to write a lot of tests and also we need a way for a client 
to be able to destroy the lexicon(also consider freeing memory before cutting of a branch from 
tree)




